feat(ci)!: require issues:write in auto-labeler to auto-create missing labels (#192)
github-community-projects/ospo-reusable-workflows: docs/auto-labeler.md

## Outputs

None

## Missing labels

If the autolabeler config references a label that does not exist in the repository, GitHub creates it automatically while applying it. This is why the workflow requires `issues: write`; the labels API is part of the Issues API.

Auto-created labels get a default color and no description. If you care about label colors or descriptions, pre-create the labels (for example with the [Labeler workflow](labeler.md)) and the auto-labeler will use them as-is.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > `issues: write` became required in v2.0.0. Callers on v1 that upgrade must add it to their permissions block, or the workflow fails at startup with "The nested job 'main' is requesting 'issues: write', but is only allowed 'issues: none'".

Reviewer: The upgrade note also needs to cover callers using the documented `@main` reference on line 6. Those callers will hit this startup failure as soon as the workflow merges, without choosing to upgrade to v2. Could we make the immediate impact explicit?

```suggestion
> `issues: write` became required in v2.0.0. Callers using `@main` must add it before this release merges. Callers pinned to v1 must add it when they upgrade to v2, or the workflow fails at startup with "The nested job 'main' is requesting 'issues: write', but is only allowed 'issues: none'".
```

Author: @zkoppert Good catch. Addressed in https://github.com/github-community-projects/ospo-reusable-workflows/commit/c4a17b0a8b2310526343f2d5e81d9c3b5b182734. I kept the substance of your suggestion and adjusted the phrasing so it reads correctly for people who find the docs after the merge: callers referencing @main receive the change as soon as it merges and must add the grant immediately, while v1 pinners add it when they upgrade.
